
Concepts of Operations
    We are designed a portable frequency counter with an affordable price to help the circuit testing process easier for electrical 
students. Our intended customers are electrical students or anyone who eager to learn more about electrical circuit design with
a tight budget. Our frequency counter is design for wide range of user with no experience necessary. Practically, users only 
need to connect the battery or 5V dc supply to the power supply and connect the signal source to the input. The frequency will 
be display on the LED screen. 

Brief Market Analysis
    Our intended customers are basically anyone who is interested in electrical circuit design and who don’t want to spend a huge 
amount of money to buy a oscilloscope just for frequency measurement. There are so many competitors in the market. However, 
our design is portable, low power, and accurate, you can literally carry it anywhere you would like to and simple enough for 
an amateur or plenty of room for improvement for anyone who want to hack our device. The cost of development is small, so we 
generously ask for $20 which make our device be extremely competitive in the electronic device market. 

Requirements
  The device must be portable, pocket-size, and friendly- user device, and it lasts at least 2 hours using 3 AAA battery 1.5V.
  The device must have a fast response and reliable with small uncertainty +/- 1%
  The device must be able to measure a frequency from 0 – 10 MHz. 

  Something that device should have: 
    Wide bandwidth 0 – 25 MHz.
    Accept a variety of waveforms.

  Something that device may have:
    Internal rechargable battery
    Tough in accident
    Easy expandable

System Architecture
See the picture in this folder

Design Specification
Use MCP1640 as voltage control regulator.
Processor is dsPIC33EV256GM102
Use 5 dc voltage supply or 3 1.5V AAA battery
Use LED display SSDI1306-LED
Developement environment:ICSP environment
Take waveform input signal


